fix: broken links to SDK repo and remove references to guide (#488)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/sdk/overview.mdx

  />
</Grid>

## API Kit

The [API Kit](./api-kit.mdx) helps interact with the Safe Transaction Service API. It helps share transactions among the signers and get information from a Safe account. For example, the configuration or transaction history.

<Grid container mt={3}>
  <CustomCard
    title={'API Kit'}
    description={'Learn about the API Kit and the integration with the Safe Transaction Service.'}
    url={'./api-kit'}
    newTab={false}
  />
</Grid>

## Relay Kit

> The [Relay Kit](./relay-kit.mdx) lets users pay transaction fees (gas fees) using the native blockchain token or ERC-20 tokens. Gas fees can be payed with this kit using any ERC-20 token in your Safe, even if there is no native token balance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Relay Kit](./relay-kit.mdx) enables ERC-4337 with Safe and allows users to pay for the transaction fees from their Safe account using the blockchain native token, ERC-20 tokens, or get their transactions sponsored.
```
